# SteamIt

Project Title: SteamIt
Project Summary: 

SteamIt is a database application that gives you better insight into 27033 games on Steam.  SteamIt uses a survey to record users' computer configuration to display a game list that meets the minimum requirements. Users can view the detailed information of a specific game by input the game name directly to the search bar or they can find a game list by an intelligent tag filter to find the games with the selected tags.

i.	Our application “steamit” is a website that provides game recommendations to users according to different aspects such as age, tag, genres. We also record the search history of each user to improve our accuracy of recommendation.
ii.	Our application provides a new way of recommending games. Normal search engine would only return the result related to user’s already bought game, while our application provides a new way of providing a list of games that people who at the same or nearby age have once searched or were interested in. We also provide another game list according to the search history which offers a different view.

vi.	We download the raw datasets from Kaggle.com and use Jupyter notebooks to process raw data in order to get proper form to fit in Google Cloud platform.
vii.	There are three main parts. First part is game name search, users can enter the Game name to get the platform requirement, developer, and price, also the frequencies that each game has been searched will be recorded in our GCP. Second part is the user login/game recommend part, user can use their name, their age, and the tag they want to search as one record to insert into our database. We will see the persons have same name and same age as the same user. So, if you insert two records with same name and same age, the second insert will be denied and the first insert will be kept, if you want to change your tags, you can only update your previous record. After inserting the user information, our database will recommend several games under the tag user choose based on our advanced query (depend on the positive ratings and average play time). At the same time, all the records that insert into our database will be recorded, and it does not matter whether you delete or update your records in some time, all the insert information will be recorded. The Third part is the store procedure part. Our store procedure will return three history tables, which are gamehistory, taghistory and agehistory, all this history tables are based on the information that users searched or inserted in our APP before.
